Log in so let's do some real example of the Wii motion.
So as you see here we have three Isak's.
That is I one have two virtual machine one for Windows 7 and second one for the Windows XP.
I will keep using the Windows XP machine because it is a smart machine and that consumer listening is
also because we have limited resource.
Spew on the room.
So to practice that I will do I will do it on Windows XP from time to time I will use the Windows 7
but the Windows 7 will take a lot of time to complete the process.
For example the machine will take about 2 how we do Windows 7 but only one house for Windows XP.
So one of the conditions that we talk about that's due to do the motion for our life machine.
The thing about it a machine you should have the body of this machine in our shared stories.
So if we checked storage of these Windows XP right hand you would see that we used a local storage do
that are store number of years.
That's me.
We're going to get an issue of do the motion for about it on your machine.
So to run our mission inside this machine that's mean we want to migrate this machine from.
E6 I want to.
Art is in a slightly different technique to do that.
So one of them is to drag and drop.
It's simple drag and drop the machine into other holes that you want to begin a tweet or.
Right click on choose migrate from here or even from display to migrate like that and you will have
the option to migrate.
So the first option of the computer restores all the McGreal the virtual machine to another Hulst or
cluster.
So this is simple the solution as we see into preview video when we migrate only the brain of the virtual
machine.
That's mean to CTU and drame we have changed storage only.
That's mean.
Do storage.
The second option that we have is storage the emotion migrate to between machine stodge to a that are
store or datastore Gloucester to account but even that's mean a star that's compatible we do storage
of this virtual machine.
Then we have to change both the computers lose the storage that mean the motion and to the motion at
the same time.
But of course do this fear does not do it at the same time he do the first one they ran the stick and
the one as you say is the next computer resource Fuerth.
All so then select storage first.
It's not important for the order.
It's just to chose one or the sig or the other.
But in the background he make great resouce that's mean.
The motion then migrate do store hours that's mean to storage the motion.
He do it one by one.
So if we try to migrate this machine one of the issues that can happen to you is when you have a device
connected to this machine.
So if you're right next.
For example like that let's just make it simple on chals computer resource all the next.
Then into Silex resouce we have only one host available that's me.
We can't migrate this machine to the other host.
That's me.
We do not have any information right here we can't check the other host.
Why.
Because we use mass transit and we have another problem about the connected device.
So we went back and chose storage on the head it's sure to migrate to another storage outside the same
host.
So this is not an option that we want.
We want to migrate this machine from this host to another host.
So let's try to drag on top like that.
And we chose next if we chose a computer resource for example the second what you see a problem right
here currently connected device City DVD drive what use back in the amp etc. which is not accessible.
And logically If you migrate a machine that's comic Joe for example a cd dvd driver inside the house
one inside E6 one from the E6 I took this machine can't read the content of the CD driver inside E6
I want this.
Oh Ill give it another.
Also if you have a use being connected to this host and this machine is yes be came from this machine.
It can't read this.
Yes.
From the second host of the terHorst So all the hosts have a problem.
If we chose the photos it's OK because it's still connected with same device or the external one.
So for that we need to disconnect any CD DVD driver as you will see ahead City DVD connected to host
Sidorov device.
So we need to disconnect the host is one of the issues that we can get from the motion.
So you need to disconnect any device connected to this machine before doing the mission.
So here you can check out the device for example.
Yes be connected to this machine.
You will see right here a green button.
That's me.
This one is connected to us or our car or any other device connected directly to this machine.
So then if we try to migrate it again no we'll have another option like that.
So no we can't migrate this machine to the host number to order the host number treat.
Why.
Because we chose both option we chose do both computer and storage.
So we do not have any problem.
Now we can't migrate this machine from the storage and from due resource but in another case if we try
to do stories of course it will work because we want to change the stars from that store to us.
And it's not it's work perfectly as you wish you had compatible chip.
Yes.
But if we try to do computer restores all only for this machine that is powered on and used the low
cost of the Holston them but what if we click Next you will get an error.
There are compatibility issues that need you attention and you see only one is available that can use
this machine and we still have not any motion yet so we can't migrate a machine without having the data
of this machine in our shed it's dark.
So we click as.
So I know we have one requirement is not available.
We have the motion configuration already we have to shut its doors but this vitrine machine is not used.
Shit it's not as if we chicken I use only do that Bastar but in another case if we try to move a virtual
machine that is bolted on to another host and we try to chose the computer resouce of course the same
problem would be where we can't see any other host because it is in a local store.
So to do that we need to migrate do storage of this machine from a local store to a shithead store.
So let's try to do.
Do look at that store before we'll be able to challenge do computer resources.
So if we chose storage only Next no we're going to see the data stored and the associated storage and
we can't see past all of the hard number two or number three only do that sort of the E6 I want and
then do it.
So we click on that compatible check.
Last one.
OK.
It's OK.
So let's trolls for example Line 1 and click next.
Of course here we chose some options Tillich's virtual disk format same formats as source.
Then if you want to Chush from then to take provision if you remember this Mushin created with a thin
provision we can take provision lazies then provision Egerton's in wait and then provision.
If you don't know what those options mean is unique to bucketed of preview calls about storage that
will explain take and then provision option.
So it just keep it the same then keep existing in storage.
If you want to change the policy of the stock will keep it as the same next.
Then a quick overview about it then next door option right here.
So this is the machine that is bounded on the Windows XP on its own.
If we try to for example create Dokument and give it some
like thats and low on this is our best storage the way Zen like that lets me I use it is this machine.
And you as an administrator you want to make great story out of this machine to a shared storage but
do it keep using virtual machine.
So if we click Finish the process of relocating between machine and migrating from the local storage
external storage and do user will keep using the machine without any problem.
See right here.
The machines still run without any problem and do migration work perfectly without any problem.
Do use the round at your machine without any problem just like that.
Of course it will take a little time and that's why I use Windows XP because it's constant only less
than 1 gigabyte.
But I do Windows 7 have about 4 or 5 Jacobites of that.
So let's give it a little time and we'd be back later.
So how does it do.
Relocate a virtual machine complete 60 steeply and the vitriol machines didn't work without any problems.
So if you go back to the virtual machine and check to start you will see it save interline one and not
into the store locale of the Isak's like so next we'll see the different option of the cmd and ex-Beatle.